GH-130415: Optimize JIT path for _TO_BOOL_INT branching (#130477)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-02-22-23-03-13.gh-issue-130415.ibOV6B.rst

> Improve JIT understanding of integers in boolean context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the JIT's understanding of integers in boolean contexts.
```
